corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
malloc(): memory corruption
corrupted size vs. prev_size
terminate called after throwing an instance of 'std::bad_alloc'
  what():  std::bad_alloc
corrupted size vs. prev_size
free(): invalid next size (fast)
free(): invalid next size (fast)
terminate called after throwing an instance of 'std::bad_alloc'
  what():  std::bad_alloc
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
free(): corrupted unsorted chunks
corrupted size vs. prev_size
free(): corrupted unsorted chunks
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
terminate called after throwing an instance of 'std::bad_alloc'
  what():  std::bad_alloc
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
malloc(): memory corruption
free(): corrupted unsorted chunks
free(): corrupted unsorted chunks
corrupted size vs. prev_size
corrupted size vs. prev_size
